you're watching News 8 of I've with
barbara Lee Edwards Carla jikido and
Kyle Prescott so who is this guy
you sound really familiar how'd you
break into the business well I was
working at a small radio station
I'm sorry sir no sir who are you what is
your name I'm Bill Ragnar for 35 years
the Midwest native has been one of the
elite voiceover artists around the globe
for the first time this summer guards
four point five seconds the results are
in presenting the 40 mile per gallon
Hyundai Sonata Hybrid could add a v8
a dragon is coming Noah slightly smaller
dragons tiny really but fast and cute
but not thank you and fast
but this dragons not coming to a theater
no he's coming to your fault
well technically in your fault make sure
your next phone has the blockbusters
beat EULA make sure it has a Snapdragon
processor to do a job well you need the
right tools it's not gonna work so if
you're filing your taxes online pick the
best tax software available with H&R
Block at home 100 yds 4.5 seconds 30
miles per hour none of these numbers
really matter because in the end
football is still a game of inches the
results are in
number two movie in America that's
totally taken out of context correction
it's the number one comedy in America
love it
the campaign read it off now plan
fififusion vegetable nutrition they need
fruit taste they love good ahead of e:8
it's one thing to offer a fuel-efficient
car it's another thing to offer a fuel
efficient fleet presenting the 40 mile
per gallon Hyundai Sonata Hybrid the 40
mile per gallon Hyundai Elantra and the
all-new 40 mile per gallon Hyundai
Accent after all it just can't have too
much of a good thing
join one man's journey on the path to
self rediscover Emond
stupid hype presented by windows 8
exclusively on CW tv.com for the first
time through the heavyweights
versus jr. versus Jesse James the
ultimate showdown they build you decide
American Chopper live the build off a
two-day event Monday December 5th and
Tuesday December 6th at 9:00 only on
Discovery Street tanks there including
Sheetal Viren goodman jackson fuck
Krasinski and i'd vendera's diaz open
and more with special guest oprah
winfrey plus superstars Coldplay this is
the show for you Jimmy Kimmel Live after
the Academy Awards tonight following
your late local news on ABC